Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Association` affects your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

my initial impressions of how `association` affects programming is actually quite good. i think it's a great way  to keep organised when working with different classes that rely on/use each other in different ways. it's also just very satisfing when it all comes together in the program haha. what worked for me in this assignment was taking it one step at a time in the different classes. there were times where i would start jumping ahead and thinking about how one class would be interacting with another; this didn't work for me and just made me confused. it was much easier to get (almost) everything into one class and then start thinking about integrating others with each other. advice i would give to someone taking this course is to not get ahead of yourself when working with association. just take it one class at a time and things will come together in a way that makes so much sense -- it's easy to make mistakes when trying to do everything at once and jumping back and forth between classes. obviously you'll eventually have to do that, but starting class by class, step by step, helps a lot. as usual, starting earlier and making time to code helps a lot. unfortunately i didn't have as much time as i would have wanted to get everything done because it was a busy week, but going forward this just cements for me how important it is to give myself plenty of time for coding. 